c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\BusinessLogicLayer.dll.config
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\BusinessLogicLayer.dll
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\BusinessLogicLayer.pdb
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\DataAccessLayer.dll
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\DataAccessLayer.pdb
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\obj\Debug\BusinessLogicLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\obj\Debug\BusinessLogicLayer.dll
c:\users\win\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\obj\Debug\BusinessLogicLayer.pdb
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\BusinessLogicLayer.dll.config
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\BusinessLogicLayer.dll
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\BusinessLogicLayer.pdb
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\DataAccessLayer.dll
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\DataAccessLayer.pdb
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\obj\Debug\BusinessLogicLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\obj\Debug\BusinessLogicLayer.dll
C:\Users\WIN\Desktop\githubMobile\Mobile\MobileManagement\BusinessLogicLayer\obj\Debug\BusinessLogicLayer.pdb
